[Identity] Samples aligned with other languages (v1 compatible) (#15031)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md

For client-side applications running in the browser, the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` provides the most direct user authentication experience. It's the only credential type that we support in the browser. To get started, register your application in the Microsoft Identity platform and set the proper permissions.

- [Register a single page application](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-spa-app-registration) in the Microsoft identity platform
- Configure the app registration with a redirect URI to specify where the Microsoft identity platform should redirect the client along with any security tokens.
  - If using v1 of `@azure/identity` package, follow the instructions at [Redirect URI: MSAL.js 1.0 with implicit flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-spa-app-registration#redirect-uri-msaljs-10-with-implicit-flow) to set the redirect URI.
  - If using v2 of `@azure/identity` package, follow the instructions at [Redirect URI: MSAL.js 2.0 with auth code flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-spa-app-registration#redirect-uri-msaljs-20-with-auth-code-flow)

> - * Ensure that your application has the correct permission for the APIs it intends to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that your application has the correct permission for the APIs it intends to use.
```

  - In your app registration in the Azure portal, go to `API Permissions`
  - Click on `Add a permission`

>   - Select the API you want to use. For example, if you are using any of our management/control plane packages, i.e., the ones whose name starts with `@azure/arm-`, then you should select ``Azure Service Management`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Select the API you want to use. For example, if you're using any of our management/control plane packages, i.e., the ones whose name starts with `@azure/arm-`, you should select `Azure Service Management`.
```

- [Authenticating With Azure Stack using Azure Identity](#authenticating-with-azure-stack-using-azure-identity)
- [Advanced Examples](#advanced-examples)
  - [Custom Credentials](#custom-credentials)
  - [Authenticating with a pre-fetched access token](#authenticating-with-a-pre-fetched-access-token).
  - [Authenticating with MSAL directly](#authenticating-with-msal-directly).
    - [Authenticating with the Confidential Client](#authenticating-with-the-confidential-client).
    - [Authenticating with the On Behalf Flow](#authenticating-with-the-on-behalf-flow).
  - [Authenticating with Key Vault Certificates](#authenticating-with-key-vault-certificates)
  - [Rolling Certificates](#rolling-certificates)

## Introduction

Authenticating your application, users, and principals is an integral part of working with the Azure Client Libraries. The Azure Identity library provides multiple ways to authenticate, each with a flexible configuration that covers most scenarios. In this document we will go over some of these scenarios and provide small examples that can be used as a starting point for your needs.

> ## Requirements

Author: As part of this PR, I import from core-http on 5 different samples 🤔 I didn't want to add it on each section, so I ended up adding it  here. What approach would be better than adding it before each sample?

> ## Requirements

Reviewer 2: Two observations:

- TokenCredential, GetTokenOptions and AccessToken should be imported from `core-auth` which is where they are defined, not `core-http`.
- All samples where we do pull these in are for advanced scenarios. So, I am ok repeating the instructions in each samples and not having to list them in the beginning here. Folks who are just getting started need not know about core-auth

### Authenticating Service Principals

> An Azure service principal is an identity created for use with applications, hosted services, and automated tools to access Azure resources. The roles assigned by the service principal will determine what resources are accessible. For security reasons, we recommended using service principals through automation rather than allowing them to log in with a user identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Azure service principal is an identity created for use with applications, hosted services, and automated tools to access Azure resources. The roles assigned by the service principal will determine what resources are accessible. For security reasons, use service principals through automation rather than allowing them to log in with a user identity.
```

Author: Thank you!

For clients that have a default browser available and for client-side applications running in the browser, the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` provides the simplest user authentication experience. In the sample below an application authenticates a `SecretClient` from the [@azure/keyvault-secrets][secrets_client_library] using the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`.

For Node.js, if a `clientId` is provided, the Azure Active Directory application will need to be configured to have a "Mobile and desktop applications" redirect endpoint. Follow our guide on [setting up Redirect URIs for Desktop apps that calls to web APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-desktop-app-registration#redirect-uris).

> For client side applications running in the browser, the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` is the only credential type that is supported. You will also need to configure your app registration for single-page applications. Please refer to the [Single-Page application: App registration guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-spa-app-registration) for more information.

Reviewer 2: This is already covered in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/d54e2dbe7d55e19aa560c3f15abbffc462442adf/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticating-client-side-browser-applications. Let's update the section to have the code sample as well and provide a link from here.

The entire section under `Authenticating server side applications` is for node.js.

```suggestion
For client side applications running in the browser, the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` is the only credential type that is supported. Please see [Authenticating client side browser applications](#authenticating-client-side-browser-applications)
```

#### Authenticating a user account with device code flow

This example demonstrates authenticating the `SecretClient` from the [@azure/keyvault-secrets][secrets_client_library] client library using the `DeviceCodeCredential`. The `DeviceCodeCredential` offers a credential that can be used with little to no setup - the user is free to use whatever browser they choose to complete the authentication process.

> To authenticate a user through device code flow, use the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate a user through device code flow, complete the following steps:
```

1. Go to Azure Active Directory in Azure portal and find your app registration.
2. Navigate to the **Authentication** section.
3. Under **Advanced settings**, select `yes` on the option `Allow public client flows`.

> You also need to be the admin of your tenant to grant consent to your application when you log in for the first time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to be the administrator of your tenant to grant consent to your application when you log in for the first time.
```

#### Authenticating a user account with auth code flow

This example demonstrates authenticating the `SecretClient` from the [@azure/keyvault-secrets][secrets_client_library] client library using the `AuthorizationCodeCredential` on a Node.js service intended as the back-end for a web application. This can be useful when you want complete control over the authentication flow or when the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` doesn't fit your use case.

First, [register your application][quickstart-register-app] and get your client ID, tenant ID and redirect URL.

Next, prompt the user to login at the URL documented at [Microsoft identity platform and OAuth 2.0 authorization code flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow#request-an-authorization-code). You'll need the client ID, tenant ID, redirect URL, and the scopes your application plans to access.

Then create an API at the redirect URL with the following code to access the Key Vault service.

> For a complete example using the authorization code flow in Electron, see [our electron sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/samples/frameworks/electron/ts/src/authProvider.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete example using the authorization code flow in Electron, see [our Electron sample](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/samples/frameworks/electron/ts/src/authProvider.ts).
```

The following example demonstrates authenticating a `SecretClient` from the [@azure/keyvault-secrets][secrets_client_library] against an Azure Key Vault hosted in Azure Stack.

```ts

> async function main() {

Author: That is correct! However, most of the methods of the class instances we're using in this main function are asynchronous. If users copied this code and expanded it to use these class instances, they may end up having errors because of the lack of an asynchronous context 🤔

> async function main() {

Reviewer 2: This is definitely a different format than all other code samples in this file, it would be preferable if we are consistent.

How about using the current format of creating a function named `with...`, and make it return the client?

> async function main() {

Author: Do you mean something like `withSecretClient`? Seems oddly specific. I’ll remove the async in the mean time.

```ts
import { SecretClient } from "@azure/keyvault-secrets";

async function main() {
  const token = getTokenForScope("https://vault.azure.net/.default");

  const credential = new StaticTokenCredential(token);

  const client = new SecretClient("https://myvault.vault.azure.net/", credential);
}
```

It should be noted when using this custom credential type, it is the responsibility of the caller to ensure that the token is valid, and contains the correct claims needed to authenticate calls from the particular service client. For instance in the above case the token must have the scope "https://vault.azure.net/.default" to authorize calls to Azure Blob Storage.

### Authenticating with MSAL Directly

Some applications already use the MSAL library's `ConfidentialClientApplication` or `PublicClientApplication` to authenticate portions of their application. In these cases, the application might want to use the same to authenticate Azure SDK clients, to take advantage of the token caching the MSAL client application is doing, and to prevent unnecessary authentication calls.

#### Authenticating with the MSAL Confidential Client

> In this example the `ConfidentialClientApplicationCredential` is constructed with an instance of `ConfidentialClientApplication` it then implements `getToken()` using the `acquireTokenByClientCredential()` method to acquire a token.

Author: For sure!

```ts
import { TokenCredential, AccessToken } from "@azure/core-http";
import * as msalNode from "@azure/msal-node";

class ConfidentialClientCredential implements TokenCredential {
  constructor(private confidentialApp: msalNode.ConfidentialClientApplication) {
  }
  async getToken(scopes: string | string[]): Promise<AccessToken> {
    const result = await this.confidentialApp.acquireTokenByClientCredential({ scopes: Array.isArray(scopes) ? scopes : [scopes] });
    return {
      token: result.accessToken,
      expiresOnTimestamp: result.expiresOn.getTime()
    }
  }
}
```

Users could then use the `ConfidentialClientApplicationCredential` to authenticate a `SecretClient` from `@azure/keyvault-secrets` with an MSAL `ConfidentialClientApplication`:

```ts
import { SecretClient } from "@azure/keyvault-secrets";
import * as msalNode from "@azure/msal-node";

async function main() {
  const confidentialClient = new msalNode.ConfidentialClientApplication({
    // MSAL Configuration
  });

  const client = new SecretClient("https://myvault.vault.azure.net/", new ConfidentialClientCredential(confidentialClient));
}
```

#### Authenticating with the On Behalf Of Flow

> Currently the `@azure/identity` library doesn't provide a credential type for clients which need to authenticate via the On Behalf Of flow. While future support for this is planned, users currently requiring this will have to implement their own `TokenCredential` class.

Author: There are no issues for this yet

> Currently the `@azure/identity` library doesn't provide a credential type for clients which need to authenticate via the On Behalf Of flow. While future support for this is planned, users currently requiring this will have to implement their own `TokenCredential` class.

Reviewer 2: Can we provide a link for `On Behalf Of flow` here?

    this.confidentialApp = new msalNode.ConfidentialClientApplication({
      auth: {
        clientId,
        clientSecret
      }
    });
  }
  async getToken(scopes: string | string[]): Promise<AccessToken> {
    const result = await this.confidentialApp.acquireTokenOnBehalfOf({
      scopes: Array.isArray(scopes) ? scopes : [scopes],
      oboAssertion: this.userAccessToken
    });
    return {
      token: result.accessToken,
      expiresOnTimestamp: result.expiresOn.getTime()
    };
  }
}
```

The following example shows an how the `OnBehalfOfCredential` could be used to authenticate a `SecretClient`.

```ts
import { SecretClient } from "@azure/keyvault-secrets";

async function main() {
  const oboCredential = new OnBehalfOfCredential(clientId, clientSecret, userAccessToken);

  const client = new SecretClient("https://myvault.vault.azure.net/", oboCredential);
}
```
### Authenticating with Key Vault Certificates

Azure Key Vault allows users to create certificates that can be used to authenticate Azure SDK clients.

Certificates can be created through different means. You may follow any of these approaches:

> - [Quickstart: Set and retrieve a certificate from Azure Key Vault using the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/certificates/quick-create-portal).

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should just link to a single one? Like the CLI for example? Users can then navigate the many different quickstarts from the sidebar menu

}
```

## Advanced Examples

### Custom Credentials

> The `@azure/identity` library covers a broad range of Azure Active Directory authentication scenarios. However, it's possible the credential implementations provided might not meet the specific needs your application, or an application might want to avoid taking a dependency on the `@azure/identity` library.
> 
> In this section we'll examine some example cases in which it might make sense to write a credential on your own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `@azure/identity` library covers a broad range of Azure Active Directory authentication scenarios. However, it's possible the credential implementations provided might not meet the specific needs your application, or an application might want to avoid taking a dependency on the `@azure/identity` library. In such cases, you may want to write your own credential.

In this section we'll examine some such cases.
```

### Authenticating with a pre-fetched access token

> Our package `@azure/core-http` exports a `TokenCredential` interface which is used by the `@azure/identity` package to define a common public API for all of the Identity credentials that we offer.

Reviewer 2: Early on, in JS, we made the explicit decision to house the auth related interfaces in core-auth so that folks don't have to pull in core-http. Please use `core-auth` here as well.

The `@azure/identity` library does not contain a `TokenCredential` implementation which can be constructed directly with an `AccessToken`. This is intentionally omitted as a main line scenario as access tokens expire frequently and have constrained usage. However, we understand there may be some scenarios where authenticating a service client with a pre-fetched token is necessary.

In this example, `StaticTokenCredential` implements the `TokenCredential` abstraction. It takes a pre-fetched access token in its constructor as an `AccessToken` (defined on `@azure/core-http`), and simply returns that from its implementation of `getToken()`.

```ts

> import { TokenCredential, AccessToken } from "@azure/core-http";

Reviewer 2: We have been very intentional when showing samples to use JavaScript rather than TypeScript. We have the TS samples only in our samples folder where we can afford to keep both TS & JS samples. Can we do the same here?

Author: For this PR I’d like to keep this in typescript, as it will mean double the files, and if we want to cater specifically to either audience, it may make sense to give more context on what typescript dependencies to install, for example.

Author: Well, let’s do this: I can add the two documents as part of this PR, but let’s get one of them approved first (the typescript one, which will be more complex), then I’ll do the JS one.

Author: On second thought, two documents won’t work well with the samples v2 approach. We have an issue to migrate to samples v2. I believe we can have one file for now and improve over time.

  }
  async getToken(): Promise<AccessToken> {
    return this.accessToken;
  }
}
```

Once the application has defined this credential, it can be used to authenticate Azure SDK clients. The following example shows how an application already using some other mechanism for acquiring tokens (in this case the hypothetical method `getTokenForScope()`) could use the `StaticTokenCredential` to authenticate a `SecretClient` from `@azure/keyvault-secrets`.

```ts
import { SecretClient } from "@azure/keyvault-secrets";

async function main() {
  const token = getTokenForScope("https://vault.azure.net/.default");

  const credential = new StaticTokenCredential(token);

  const client = new SecretClient("https://myvault.vault.azure.net/", credential);
}
```

It should be noted when using this custom credential type, it is the responsibility of the caller to ensure that the token is valid, and contains the correct claims needed to authenticate calls from the particular service client. For instance in the above case the token must have the scope "https://vault.azure.net/.default" to authorize calls to Azure Blob Storage.

### Authenticating with MSAL Directly

> Some applications already use the MSAL library's `ConfidentialClientApplication` or `PublicClientApplication` to authenticate portions of their application. In these cases, the application might want to use the same to authenticate Azure SDK clients, to take advantage of the token caching the MSAL client application is doing, and to prevent unnecessary authentication calls.

Reviewer 2: What are `ConfidentialClientApplication` and `PublicClientApplication`? Are they concepts or interfaces or classes?

#### Authenticating with the MSAL Confidential Client

In this example the `ConfidentialClientApplicationCredential` is constructed with an instance of `ConfidentialClientApplication` it then implements `getToken()` using the `acquireTokenByClientCredential()` method to acquire a token.

> For more information aboutMSAL, please refer to [the README of the `@azure/msal-node` package][msal_node_readme].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about MSAL, please refer to [the README of the `@azure/msal-node` package][msal_node_readme].
```

After that, you'll be able to authenticate by pointing the `@azure/identity`'s `ClientCertificateCredential` to the path where your PEM certificate is, as follows:

```ts
const credential = new ClientCertificateCredential(
  "<your-tenant-id>",
  "<your-client-id>",
  "<the-path-to-your-certificate-in-PEM-format>"
);
```

### Rolling Certificates

Long running applications may have the need to roll certificates during process execution. Certificate rotation is not currently supported by the `ClientCertificateCredential` which treats the certificate used to construct the credential as immutable. This means that any clients constructed with an `ClientCertificateCredential` using a particular cert would fail to authenticate requests after that cert has been rolled and the original is no longer valid. 

However, if an application wants to roll this certificate without creating new service clients, it can accomplish this by creating its own `TokenCredential` implementation which wraps the `ClientCertificateCredential`. The implementation of this custom credential `TokenCredential` would somewhat depend on how the application handles certificate rotation.

> ### Explicit rotation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Explicit rotation
```

import { ClientCertificateCredential } from "@azure/identity";

class RotatableCertificateCredential implements TokenCredential {
  private readonly tenantId: string;
  private readonly clientId: string;
  private credential: ClientCertificateCredential;

  constructor(tenantId: string, clientId: string, PEMCertificatePath: string) {
    this.tenantId = tenantId;
    this.clientId = clientId;
    this.credential = new ClientCertificateCredential(tenantId, clientId, PEMCertificatePath);
  }

  async getToken(scopes: string | string[], options?: GetTokenOptions): Promise<AccessToken> {
    return this.credential.getToken(scopes, options);
  }

  rotateCertificate(PEMCertificatePath: string) {
    this.credential = new ClientCertificateCredential(this.tenantId, this.clientId, PEMCertificatePath);
  }
}
```

The above example shows a custom credential type `RotatableCertificateCredential` which provides a `rotateCertificate`. The implementation internally relies on an instance of `ClientCertificateCredential`, and `rotateCertificate` simply replaces this instance with a new one using the new certificate path.

> ### Implicit rotation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Implicit rotation
```

### Determine the Azure Authority Host for Azure Stack

> In PowerShell, run this command or have your Azure Stack Administrator run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PowerShell, run this command or have your Azure Stack administrator run this command:
```

### Determine the Tenant ID for Azure Stack

> If the Identity provider of your Azure Stack is Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), contact your Azure Stack Administrator to find your tenant ID. Otherwise, if the Identity provider of your Azure Stack is Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS), your tenant ID is `adfs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Identity provider of your Azure Stack is Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), contact your Azure Stack administrator to find your tenant ID. Otherwise, if the Identity provider of your Azure Stack is Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS), your tenant ID is `adfs`.
```

### Authenticating with MSAL Directly

Some applications already use the `@azure/msal-node` or `@azure/msal-browser` to authenticate portions of their application. In these cases, the application might want to use the same to authenticate Azure SDK clients, to take advantage of the token caching the MSAL client application is doing, and preventing unnecessary authentication calls.

#### Authenticating with the @azure/msal-node Confidential Client

In this example the [ConfidentialClientApplicationCredential](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/master/lib/msal-node/docs/initialize-confidential-client-application.md) is constructed with an instance of `ConfidentialClientApplication` it then implements `getToken()` using the `acquireTokenByClientCredential()` method to acquire a token.

You'll need to install the [@azure/msal-node][msal_node_npm] and the the [@azure/core-auth][core_auth] package for this sample.

> > For more information about MSAL for Node.js, please refer to [the README of the `@azure/msal-node` package][msal_node_readme].
> > For more information about working with the Confidential Client of MSAL, please refer to [Initialization of MSAL (Node.js)](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/master/lib/msal-node/docs/initialize-confidential-client-application.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more information about MSAL for Node.js, see [the README of the `@azure/msal-node` package][msal_node_readme].
> For more information about working with the Confidential Client of MSAL, see [Initialization of MSAL (Node.js)](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/master/lib/msal-node/docs/initialize-confidential-client-application.md).
```

      scopes: Array.isArray(scopes) ? scopes : [scopes],
      oboAssertion: this.userAccessToken
    });
    return {
      token: result.accessToken,
      expiresOnTimestamp: result.expiresOn.getTime()
    };
  }
}
```

The following example shows an how the `OnBehalfOfCredential` could be used to authenticate a `SecretClient`.

```ts
import { SecretClient } from "@azure/keyvault-secrets";

async function main() {
  const oboCredential = new OnBehalfOfCredential(clientId, clientSecret, userAccessToken);

  const client = new SecretClient("https://myvault.vault.azure.net/", oboCredential);
}
```

#### Authenticating with the @azure/msal-browser Public Client

While `@azure/identity` provides some browser support, for users that need the complete set of features offered by `@azure/msal-browser`, it is possible to implement a `TokenCredential` on top of MSAL's public API for the browsers.

You'll need to install the [@azure/msal-browser][msal_browser_npm] and the the [@azure/core-auth][core_auth] package for this sample.

> For more information about MSAL for browsers, please refer to [the README of the `@azure/msal-browser` package][msal_browser_readme].

> For this example, we will define a `BrowserCredential` class that has a `getToken` method (which will use the Silent Authentication flow, retrieving the account from memory, as we want to prevent unnecessary redirections), and also a `prepare()` method that will try either to check if the account has previously authenticated, or to parse the redirection URI values if present, also a `hasAuthenticated` method which can be used to know if the authentication has taken place, and finally a `loginRedirect` method, which if called will trigger the authentication via redirection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, you'll define a `BrowserCredential` class with the following methods:

- `getToken` &mdash; Will use the Silent Authentication flow, retrieving the account from memory to prevent unnecessary redirections.
- `prepare` &mdash; Will try either to check if the account has previously authenticated or to parse the redirection URI values if present.
- `hasAuthenticated` &mdash; Can be used to determine if the authentication has taken place.
- `loginRedirect` &mdash; If called, this method triggers the authentication via redirection.
```

    const parameters: msalBrowser.SilentRequest = {
      account: await this.publicApp.getActiveAccount(),
      scopes
    };

    const result = await this.publicApp.acquireTokenSilent(parameters);
    return {
      token: result.accessToken,
      expiresOnTimestamp: result.expiresOn.getTime()
    };
  }
}
```

The following example shows how the `BrowserCredential` could be used to authenticate a `ServiceBusClient`. Keep in mind that for this example to work, the redirect URI configured in the AAD application should point to the same page that runs this code originally (for example, `http://localhost:80`):

```ts
import { ServiceBusClient } from "@azure/service-bus";

async function main() {
  const browserCredential = new BrowserCredential(clientId, location.origin);

  await browserCredential.prepare();

  if (!browserCredential.isAuthenticated()) {
    await browserCredential.loginRedirect("https://servicebus.azure.net/.default");
  }

  const client = new ServiceBusClient(serviceBusEndpoint, browserCredential);
}
```

### Authenticating with Key Vault Certificates

Azure Key Vault supports creating secure certificates that can be used to authenticate Azure SDK clients.

> There are different ways to create Key Vault Certificates. For example, through the Azure CLI: [Quickstart: Set and retrieve a certificate from Azure Key Vault using Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/certificates/quick-create-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different ways to create Key Vault certificates. For example, through the Azure CLI: [Quickstart: Set and retrieve a certificate from Azure Key Vault using Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/certificates/quick-create-cli).
```

```ts
const credential = new ClientCertificateCredential(
  "<your-tenant-id>",
  "<your-client-id>",
  "<the-path-to-your-certificate-in-PEM-format>"
);
```

### Rolling Certificates

Long-running applications may need to roll certificates during process execution. At the moment, the `ClientCertificateCredential` does not support certificate rotation (the credential treats the certificate provided as immutable). Therefore, clients constructed with a `ClientCertificateCredential` using a particular cert would fail to authenticate requests after that certificate rolls and the original is no longer valid.

However, if an application wants to roll this certificate without creating new service clients, it can accomplish this by creating its own `TokenCredential` implementation, which wraps the `ClientCertificateCredential`. Implementing this custom `TokenCredential` would somewhat depend on how the application handles certificate rotation.

#### Explicit rotation

If the application gets notified of certificate rotations and can directly respond, it might choose to wrap the `ClientCertificateCredential` in a custom credential which provides a means for rotating the certificate.

> > You'll need to install the [@azure/core-auth][core_auth] package for this sample.

Author: We were thinking of a pre-requisites section at some point in this same PR, but there are several questions that aren’t too simple to answer:

- What is needed from the perspective of somebody new to TypeScript? We do have some of that information in our main Identity readme, should we have something similar here?
- Since the dependencies are not exactly unifiable for all of these samples, a pre-requisites section may add confusion regarding what is needed when.
- People may share and jump directly to some specific sample in this document, so local context may help better than a pre-requisites section.

What do you think? I want to provide this so that you can help me think what makes sense to you. I’ll take what you decide for sure.

> > You'll need to install the [@azure/core-auth][core_auth] package for this sample.

Reviewer: > What is needed from the perspective of somebody new to TypeScript? We do have some of that information in our main Identity readme, should we have something similar here?

You could list TypeScript as a prerequisite and link to https://www.typescriptlang.org/download. That information is probably better off in the main README. No need to duplicate the content then.

What I meant by adding a Prerequisites section was to add a heading before something like the following:

```
> You'll need to install the [@azure/core-auth][core_auth] package for this sample.
```

This example would become:

```
**Prerequisites**

Install the [@azure/core-auth][core_auth] package.
```

> > You'll need to install the [@azure/core-auth][core_auth] package for this sample.

Author: Oh ok ok, I can do that!

```ts
import { ServiceBusClient } from "@azure/service-bus";

async function main() {
  const browserCredential = new BrowserCredential(clientId, location.origin);

  await browserCredential.prepare();

  if (!browserCredential.isAuthenticated()) {
    await browserCredential.loginRedirect("https://servicebus.azure.net/.default");
  }

  const client = new ServiceBusClient(serviceBusEndpoint, browserCredential);
}
```

### Authenticating with Key Vault Certificates

Azure Key Vault supports creating secure certificates that can be used to authenticate Azure SDK clients.

There are different ways to create Key Vault certificates. For example, through the Azure CLI: [Quickstart: Set and retrieve a certificate from Azure Key Vault using Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/certificates/quick-create-cli).

Once you have a certificate, you may export the certificate with the Azure CLI following the steps at [Export certificates from Azure Key Vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/certificates/how-to-export-certificate?tabs=azure-cli).

> You can also export your certificate through the portal by going to your Key Vault, going to a specific certificate, then downloading the certificate in PFX/PEM format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also export your certificate through the Azure portal. Navigate to your Key Vault resource, go to a specific certificate, then download the certificate in PFX/PEM format.
```
